[2.19] Add content-hashing to pub docs (#4407)
dart-lang/site-www: src/tools/pub/dependencies.md

These stale versions can have a negative impact on
the stability, performance, and quality of apps.

We recommend the following best practices for package dependencies.

### Use [caret syntax](#caret-syntax)

Specifying dependencies with version ranges is such as `^1.6.3`
is a good practice because it allows the pub tool to

> select newer versions of the package when they become available.

Reviewer: **issues:** Revise this first sentence. Issues includes:

- A misplaced word repetition
- A length of more than 30 words
- A redundancy (This whole section is about best practices; no need to restate that.)
- Missing backticks for a command name

Also, it places an upper limit on the allowed version,
based on an assumption that packages use [semantic versions][],

> where any version of path versioned `1.x` is compatible,

Author: I don't know what this means. I'm not using this PR to edit the whole page, I just changed the formatting because it was relevant to the section I added. But that should be tracked with a different issue since both you and @atsansone brought up issues with the rest of the best practices.

but where a new version `2.x` would be a major upgrade

> that isn't semantically compatible with `1.x` versions. 

Reviewer: **issues:** Revise this sentence. Issues include:
- Length of almost 50 words
- One idea that needs its dependent clause close, but maybe in a separate sentence
- Another dependent clause that could be one or two other sentences

### Depend on the latest stable package versions

> Use [`dart pub upgrade`][] to update to the latest package versions
> that your pubspec allows.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** Flip the sentence.
```suggestion
To update your app or package to the latest versions of their dependencies,
use [`dart pub upgrade`][].  The `pubspec` file lists these dependencies. 
```

To identify dependencies in your app or package that
aren't on the latest stable versions,

> use [`dart pub outdated`][].

Reviewer: **suggestion:** Tighten this language. There should be a more concise way to write this. Maybe some copy could be added prior to this that makes clear that any time you say "app", you could mean "app or package" so you don't need to repeat it too much.

### Test whenever you update package dependencies

If you run [`dart pub upgrade`][] without updating your pubspec,
the API should stay the same

> and your code should run as before—but test to make sure.

Reviewer: **issue** The way this is written sounds like you are not encouraging testing. If you are, start with that, then say that the API and code should be unaffected anyway.

If you modify the pubspec and update to a new major version,
then you might encounter breaking changes,

> so you need to test even more thoroughly.

Reviewer: **issue:** This also reads as if you are backing into your point. Lead with the fact that _they should always test, *especially* if they modify the `pubspec` file._

### Verify the integrity of downloaded packages

When getting new dependencies, use the [`--enforce-lockfile`][]
option to ensure the extracted package content matches
the contents of the original archive.
Without modifying the [lockfile][],
this flag only resolves new dependencies if:

> * `pubspec.yaml` is satisfied

Author: That's how I interpreted it. [From the implementation](https://github.com/dart-lang/pub/pull/3482#:~:text=will%20refuse%20to%20resolve%20if%20pubspec.yaml%20isn%27t%20satisfied%2C)

* `pubspec.lock` is not missing

> * The packages' [content hashes][] match

Reviewer: See [this comment](https://github.com/dart-lang/site-www/pull/4407/files#diff-ab1f08ea6448a1b6e767a02de133569ca302eea3fa3807931043da0e661da631R153).

Author: That comment also links back to this comment. I'm confused, is the issue with "resolve"? It's the normal definition of "resolve" applied to packages - you have a package already, and you're getting new info on it, so the system resolves the difference between new and existing to decide what's needed. This isn't the place to define package resolution

Reviewer: Both places cover almost the same ground, but do so in different ways. This second copy block explains it _better_, so I'm unsure why they differ.

  but where a new version `2.x` would be a major upgrade
  that isn't semantically compatible with `1.x` versions. 

### Depend on the latest stable package versions
 Use [`pub upgrade`][] to update to the latest package versions
  that your pubspec allows.
  To identify dependencies in your app or package that
  aren't on the latest stable versions,
  use [`pub outdated`][].

### Test whenever you update package dependencies

>  If you run [`pub upgrade`][] without updating your pubspec,

Reviewer 2: Should this be `dart pub upgrade` or `flutter pub upgrade`? The standalone `pub` command is no more...

Reviewer 3: Yeah we tend to prefer just `dart pub ...` on the Dart site now, especially if linking to the command.

  the API should stay the same
  and your code should run as before—but test to make sure.
  If you modify the pubspec and update to a new major version,
  then you might encounter breaking changes,
  so you need to test even more thoroughly.

### Verify the integrity of downloaded packages
 When getting new dependencies, use the [`--enforce-lockfile`][]

>   option to ensure the extracted package content matches

Reviewer 2: Is the indent level change intended?

Author: Honestly I don't know 😅 

If you look at [the current md](https://github.com/dart-lang/site-www/blob/main/src/tools/pub/dependencies.md?plain=1#L434), there's some kind of colon-indent formatting going on. But if you look at the [rendered page](https://dart.dev/tools/pub/dependencies#best-practices) it doesn't seem to actually format  anything? So I kept the indents just in case but that's probably not necessary.
